Add check for aln file, skip if exists (#39)
teamtomo/lil_aretomo: README.md

    correct_tilt_angle_offset=True,
    basename='TS_01',  # basename for files passed to AreTomo
    output_directory='TS_01_AreTomo',

>     skip_if_completed=False # set to True to skip already completed tilt series

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    skip_if_completed=False # set to True to skip if results from a previous alignment are present
```
